So we're on our AWOS console.
And and if you remember from our last time we deleted our security group that we could created accidentally.
And if I hit refresh and as you can see our RDF public security group is created with the proper naming
and description and if you check out the inbound rules we can see that we're allowing connections from
port five four three two.
And with any source from anywhere to be connected to our RDX instance so we're good with the security
groups.
So if we go and check out the audience itself we're going to see that we how are our TS instance there
and here we go.
So are the instances already initialized then lunch.
And it is in the state of backing up by AWOS and automatically this process is completely automatically
done by AWOS itself for any disaster recovery.
And if we go and check the subnet groups for our security group and as you can see it's just there.
So our D-B is now being spent two different subnets.
And if you want to enable the Malte a Z or Malte availability zone the subnets are going to be used
to spend our D-B instances within those subnets.
So as you can see our D-B is almost ready to use.
But if you want to interact with our D-B instance we have to see the status as a vailable right here
so that we can connect to and manipulate our data with them.
Our DSD be for instance.
All right.